README.md, before:

# `ygor`

[![NPM version][npm-img]][npm-url] [![Downloads][downloads-img]][npm-url] [![Tip][amazon-img]][amazon-url]

Task runner. Node is the cli. To run a task, pass the `name` as the first argument.

## Install

    $ npm install --save-dev ygor

## Example

Create a file, write some functions, tell Ygor, run the file.

```js
// make.js

var ygor = require('ygor');

function bundle() {
    // bundle something
}

function test() {
    // test something
}

ygor.task('bundle', bundle)
    .task('test', test);
```

Then run the script and tell it which task to perform.

    $ node make bundle

Need to run asynchronous tasks? Cool. Use async/await.

```js
// make.js

import ygor from 'ygor';

async function instrument() {
    // instrument code coverage
}

async function test() {
    // test code
}

async function cover() {
    await instrument();
    await test();

    // report coverage
}

ygor.task('cover', cover)
    .task('test', test);
```

Then run it.

    $ babel-node make cover

## API

### `ygor.task(name, function) : ygor`

Registers a task with Ygor. To run the task, pass the `name` as the first argument.

----

© 2016 Shannon Moeller <me@shannonmoeller.com>

Licensed under [MIT](http://shannonmoeller.com/mit.txt)

[amazon-img]:    https://img.shields.io/badge/amazon-tip_jar-yellow.svg?style=flat-square
[amazon-url]:    https://www.amazon.com/gp/registry/wishlist/1VQM9ID04YPC5?sort=universal-price
[downloads-img]: http://img.shields.io/npm/dm/ygor.svg?style=flat-square
[npm-img]:       http://img.shields.io/npm/v/ygor.svg?style=flat-square
[npm-url]:       https://npmjs.org/package/ygor

Commit message:

Added note about ygor.cli to README.md

README.md, after:

# `ygor`

[![NPM version][npm-img]][npm-url] [![Downloads][downloads-img]][npm-url] [![Tip][amazon-img]][amazon-url]

Task runner. Node is the cli. To run a task, pass the `name` as the first argument.

## Install

    $ npm install --save-dev ygor

## Example

Create a file, write some functions, tell Ygor, run the file.

```js
// make.js

var ygor = require('ygor');

function bundle() {
    // bundle something
}

function test() {
    // test something
}

ygor.task('bundle', bundle)
    .task('test', test);
```

Then run the script and tell it which task to perform.

    $ node make bundle

Need to run asynchronous tasks? Cool. Use async/await.

```js
// make.js

import ygor from 'ygor';

async function instrument() {
    // instrument code coverage
}

async function test() {
    // test code
}

async function cover() {
    await instrument();
    await test();

    // report coverage
}

ygor.task('cover', cover)
    .task('test', test);
```

Then run it.

    $ babel-node make cover

## API

### `ygor.cli`

Command-line arguments as parsed by [minimist](http://npm.im/minimist).

### `ygor.task(name, function) : ygor`

Registers a task with Ygor. To run the task, pass the `name` as the first argument.

----

© 2016 Shannon Moeller <me@shannonmoeller.com>

Licensed under [MIT](http://shannonmoeller.com/mit.txt)

[amazon-img]:    https://img.shields.io/badge/amazon-tip_jar-yellow.svg?style=flat-square
[amazon-url]:    https://www.amazon.com/gp/registry/wishlist/1VQM9ID04YPC5?sort=universal-price
[downloads-img]: http://img.shields.io/npm/dm/ygor.svg?style=flat-square
[npm-img]:       http://img.shields.io/npm/v/ygor.svg?style=flat-square
[npm-url]:       https://npmjs.org/package/ygor
